Welcome to this optional that's important optional module where I want to introduce you to the JavaScript
basics.
And this module is really just a quick refresher.
I do expect you to have some basic knowledge about how JavaScript works, what you use it for at its
base syntax.
This module does not replace that.
You can't really use that module with zero JavaScript knowledge, or at least it will be very, very
challenging.
But if you only get some very basic knowledge or it's been quite some time since you worked with JavaScript,
then this module will be a great refresher.
Please skip this module if you already know JavaScript though, because then this module is not for
you.
So you don't have to be an expert to skip this.
If you know JavaScript and you also know some of its next gen features like the rest and spread operator
or object structuring.
So a bunch of nice things that we can do in JavaScript.
Definitely skip this module and maybe come back later if there is some feature you don't recognize or
you're not sure what it's all about.
If you don't have that knowledge though, this module is for you.
And also have a look at the next lecture where I provide links to helpful resources in case you're brand
new to JavaScript, because there are some free resources that allow you to get started with JavaScript,
after which you can come back to this module and to the rest of the course where you will need that
basic knowledge.